--- Cluster 2 Profile ---

Top Keywords:
just, food, steal, people, thing, lol, stolen, like, going, car

Sample Comments:
  Sample 1: If the driver can hit that it could have easily hit a child walking in front of their parents, or a baby buggy pushed by someone... it is why it has brightly coloured flag. Having said that children get hit that way as the driver has a message blind spot coming off a drive. It's on of those where no matter how prepared either are the robot can't just like anyone predict every single even and humans aren't superheros that can see through things. Don't think anyone is truly to blame here.
  Sample 2: They should make these blowup if someone tries to steal the package inside.
  Sample 3: With the recent tragic school shooting in Texas and the apparent slowness of law enforcement to engage in taking out the shooter I can see another use for this as a robot marshal that can be operated remotely that can take down a shooter either by lethal or non lethal means and is a way to minimize the likelihood of inflicting collateral damage to the students. It could be fearless, fast, and could get really close to a shooter so as to have a clean shot. It could have a bit of armor as well so as to be survivable. It could also have sensing to help locate and track any intruder. And as for stairs there may be wheelchair ramps it could use or one could add them as they could be good to have anyway for any disabled students, teachers, or visiting parents. There may be otherr sues for robots such as these in schools as well and maybe a high shop class could make adaption to these as a project. And yes, such a robot might seem a bit scary... but not so much one that is well engineered to be safe, unlike most Hollywood robots which seem to be serious lacking in regard to good engineering.
  Sample 4: Whoever designed this needs to brush up on human nature. People really think these won't be vandalised or stolen? lol
  Sample 5: And thiefs can't mug a regular delivery driver? A thief who's capable of cracking one of these is most likely to ambush and steal cargo trucks worth thousands of dollars than robbing a delivery bot for goods that probably cost less than 50 bucks

